Shishi ("Lion") Sprite Manager

.shishi file format: Contains all the sprites visible in the MAIN WINDOW.

Main window
-----------
File menu:
  Open - Open a .shishi file
  Save - Save a .shishi file
    
ISO menu:
  Import sprites from an ISO... - Select the location of your ISO file. All the sprites 
      will be read into the program
    - For PSX this should be a Mode2 Form 1 image with 2353 bytes per sector
    - For PSP this should be an unmodified "fresh" Mode1 image with 2048 bytes per sector
  Patch ISO with sprites... - Choose the ISO to modify and select which files on the disc
      you want to update. Same rules apply for the ISO image as they do for
      importing. If you try to Import from PSP and patch to PSX, it should work, but it
      will ignore the new sprite files (Balthier, Aliste, etc)

Double click one of the sprite thumbnails to open the SPRITE WINDOW

Sprite window
-------------
You can see the sprite sheet and a preview of the assembled pieces if applicable.
File menu:
  Import BMP - Import a 256-color bitmap. All of the pixels in the image should be from
               the first 16 colors in the palette.
  Export BMP - Export the sprite sheet as a 256-color bitmap. Edit this file in your
               image editor and then import it back.
  Export BMP with current palette - Exports the sprite sheet as a 16-color bitmap. Not very
               useful right now because you can't import it back properly...
SPR menu:
  Import SPR - Load some other SPR on top of the you're currently working. For instance,
               if you wanted to replace Agrias with Delita, you'd open AGURI and import DILY.SPR
               on top of it. It's best to replace TYPE1 with TYPE1, etc. (for now...)
  Export SPR - Export the sprite you're working on as a FFT sprite file. Use this if you
               want to upload your sprite to a website.
               
SP2 menu: (MON only)
  Import SP2 - Load a SP2 file for the bottom half of the current sprite
  Export SP2 - Export a SP2 file for the bottom half of the current sprite

*.SPR files:
  These contain 16 16-color palettes and an image that is 256 pixels wide, with
  variable height.
  Some of the data in the SPR file is compressed. The program should detect it and 
  decompress it. When you save it will compress what it needs to automatically.
  Note: The KASANEK.SPR and KASANEM.SPR files do not work properly, so you
  might get weird behavior if you try to edit them.
*.SP2 files:
  These contain an image that is 256x256 pixels, with no palette. The game will
  use the palette in the SPR file that is associated with each SP2 file.
  Ex. MOL.SPR's palette will be used for MOL2.SP2

Always use corresponding palette for portrait:
  Shows the portrait onscreen with the correct palette. For instance, if the
  currently-selected palette is "Sprite #2", the palette "Portrait #2" will be 
  used to display the portrait.
  THIS IS A "DISPLAY ONLY" SETTING. IT DOES NOT AFFECT THE FILES OUTPUT BY 
  THE PROGRAM.
  
Thanks to Gemini on the ROMHacking forums for disassembling the decompression
algorithm. Thanks to the Q-Gears team (http://q-gears.sourceforge.net/) for
their help deciphering some of the SHP files.
